EDU-3357: Document [WorkflowInit] for .NET (#3174)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/dotnet/message-passing.mdx

See [Finishing handlers before the Workflow completes](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#finishing-message-handlers) for more information.

### Use `[WorkflowInit]` to operate on Workflow input before any handler executes

The `[WorkflowInit]` attribute gives message handlers access to [Workflow input](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#workflow-initializers).
When you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute on your constructor, you give the constructor the same Workflow parameters as your `[WorkflowRun]` method.
The SDK will then ensure that your constructor receives the Workflow input arguments that the [Client sent](/develop/dotnet/temporal-client#start-workflow).
The Workflow input arguments are also passed to your `[WorkflowRun]` method -- that always happens, whether or not you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute.

Here's an example.

> Notice that the constructor and `RunAsync` must have the same parameters with the same types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constructor and `RunAsync` must have the same parameters with the same types:
```

See [Finishing handlers before the Workflow completes](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#finishing-message-handlers) for more information.

### Use `[WorkflowInit]` to operate on Workflow input before any handler executes

> Normally, your Workflow constructor method won't need parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[WorkflowInit]` attribute gives message handlers access to [Workflow input](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#workflow-initializers).
```

> Normally, your Workflow constructor method won't have any parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, your Workflow constructor method won't need parameters.
```

> However, if you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute on your constructor, you can give it the same Workflow parameters as your `[WorkflowRun]` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute on your constructor, you can give it the same Workflow parameters as your `[WorkflowRun]` method.
```

> If you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute on your constructor, you can give it the same Workflow parameters as your `[WorkflowRun]` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute on your constructor, you give the constructor the same Workflow parameters as your `[WorkflowRun]` method.
```

The SDK will then ensure that your constructor receives the Workflow input arguments that the [Client sent](/develop/dotnet/temporal-client#start-workflow).
The Workflow input arguments are also passed to your `[WorkflowRun]` method -- that always happens, whether or not you use the `[WorkflowInit]` attribute.

> This is useful if you have message handlers that need access to workflow input: see [Initializing the Workflow first](/encyclopedia/workflow-message-passing#workflow-initializers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
